Add IS 6.0.0 and   5.11.0 performance numbers with  jdk 11 (#122)
wso2/performance-is: benchmarks/6.0.0/6.0.0_single-node_2-core_jdk-11.md

The main performance metrics:

1. **Throughput**: The number of requests that the WSO2 Identity Server processes during a specific time interval (e.g. per second).
2. **Response Time**: The end-to-end latency for a given operation of the WSO2 Identity Server. The complete distribution of response times was recorded.

In addition to the above metrics, we measure the load average and several memory-related metrics.

The following are the test parameters.

| Test Parameter | Description | Values |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Scenario Name | The name of the test scenario. | Refer to the above table. |
| Heap Size | The amount of memory allocated to the application | 2G |
| Concurrent Users | The number of users accessing the application at the same time. | 50, 100, 150, 300, 500 |
| IS Instance Type | The AWS instance type used to run the Identity Server. | [**c5.large**](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) |
| IS Instance Type | The AWS RDS instance type used to run the Identity Server. | [**db.m4.2xlarge**](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/instance-types/) |
| JDK version | The JDK version used to run the Identity Server. | JDK 11.0.15.1  |

> In order to ease cross-comparison with earlier versions of the product, the following update has been made to the  deployment.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ease cross-comparison with earlier versions of the product, the newly introduced features/improvements are disabled when taking these performance results.  
```

[authentication_policy]

disable_account_lock_handler=true

[identity_mgt.events.schemes.WorkflowPendingUserAuthnHandler]

subscriptions=[]

[authorization_manager.properties]

> GroupAndRoleSeparationEnabled=false

Reviewer: let's move this to code block, so it will have a better visualization

Author: This is resolved with https://github.com/wso2/performance-is/pull/122/commits/c2a7eaac06de753d81e234e1855789ffd047ed09
